c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\SDL.dll
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Ball.png
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Player.png
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\PowerUps.png
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\PingPong.exe
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\PingPong.pdb
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\OpenTK.dll
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Tao.Sdl.dll
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\obj\x86\Debug\PingPong.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\obj\x86\Debug\PingPong.exe
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\obj\x86\Debug\PingPong.pdb
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\WhiteSquare.png
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\DefaultFont.xnb
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Wall.png
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Audio\PowerUp.wav
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Audio\Ball.wav
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Audio\LoseBall.wav
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Audio\NewBall.wav
c:\users\arnold\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PingPong\PingPong\bin\WindowsGL\Debug\Content\Audio\StartGame.wav
